If I can’t keep it, I’ll do the math first.
If you don’t calculate it, you will jump over the wall!
If it weren't for you, I would have eaten up Tianhai's entire body.
It's because of you that I didn't finish my planned meal.
Don't hurt the young master. What do you want and cannot get in Tianhai?
Why just eat the human injuries?
Even now, I'm not afraid to tell you,
Only after eating the original wound, I made a splash with the bow in my hand,
Only then can injuries occur on a large scale.
Only then can I harvest everyone's money.
The man behind Tianhai's counterfeiting and counterfeiting,
Sure enough, it's you. Are you right?
I can already make chess pieces
I could have stayed in the market a long time ago
No one loves me anymore
The whole market is no longer mine.
Mysterious Simon, please turn around.